                       CSE 260, Parallel Computation
                                (Fall 2020)
                Department of Computer Science and Engineering 	
                     University of California, San Diego 	


		Team Self Evaluation Form, Assignment #2

Each team must submit one copy of this self evaluation form. 
The members of each team should discuss how they
worked together and what to write for the evaluation.

(1) List the names of your team members:

A: Ayon Biswas

 
B: Robert Herndon

 
 
(2) Estimate how much time each team member devoted to this project, in HOURS.

  	                        A 	       B
meetings 	  	  	6		6
coding 	  	  	 	20		20
writeup 	  	  	10		10
planning (alone) 	  	4	 	4
total (including meetings) 	40	  	40


(3) Describe 
  (a) what the major responsibilities of each team member were;
	A: I developed and optimised the 2D tiling kernel, along with the cutlass-like kernel. Aditionally, I contributed to report writing.

	B: My major responsibilities were developing 2D interleaving on my own branch, which was not used in the final kernel, but may have insprired it.
	Additionally, I generated the majority of tables in the report, all but one graph, and approximately 3/8 of the writing.

  (b) whether or not you completed the assignment;
	The assignment was completed on time

  (c) the major strengths and weaknesses in your team, e.g. how
      your team worked together;
	A: My partner always responded and coordinated quickly. We are both late-night people, so we always used to work together.
	Weakness is I should have realised the gravity and the difficulty of the assignment and should have started early.

	B: My partner worked varily thoroughly and provided excellent outputs with precision. I work quickly and on the fly.
	Our strengths were every option was explored to find the best possible performance.
	A weakness may be time management, where we started fairly late into the assignment.

  (d) the lessons learned from these events;
	A: Learnt that higher thread parallelism can cripple performance.
	Learnt about thread hierarchy and how to map block hierarchy to thread hierarchy.

	B: I enjoyed learning CUDA programming and the ability to program GPU's efficiently.
	Pointers are always faster than Arrays.
	Taking time to extract performance is always beneficial.

  (e) whether and how you plan to change the way your work together and
	A: would start early

	B: I would like to have started on the program a little earlier, to have more time of less stress.

  (f) anything else that comes to mind.
	A: N/A

	B: N/A


